Game Notes, aka things to keep in mind.

STORY
Its 1916, you (the player) are an infantryman in WWI. I wanna keep the age of the player vague, as to make sure that the character the player plays can actually represent the player. But I also don't wanna say that the MC is like super old or super young, so they're maybe like 20. They're also a dude, so there's that. But maybe they don't have to be a dude. Maybe they can be a chick disguising themself as a dude. I wanna let the player decide their traits and how it shapes the story.

CHARACTERS
MC- The main character. Their gender is unspecified as of right now, but I wanna make it so that the player can choose. If they say that the MC is a dude then they go down a certain route but if they say that their MC is a chick then they go down a different certain route. Since Im pretty sure that in WWI, women weren't allowed to fight in the war.

NARRATOR- The first character the player meets. They speak to the player sometimes and offers advice. They also frequently break the fourth wall.

Willaim Leandre- MC's friend, the only person who talks to MC. Thought it'd be nice to let MC have a friend.

SYSTEMS
Score- Every "right" choice the player makes, it adds a score number to their score. If by the end, the player has enough points, it will determine whether they get a bad ending, good ending or neutral ending.

ENDINGS
Good endings are endings where the MC doesn't die and lives on normally. Neutral endings are MC surviving but it isn't a perfectly normal life after. Bad endings are just MC dying, even if its to save someone or for something good, it's still a bad ending cuz the whole point of the game is to not die.

Good Endings
MC survives until 1917 when the war is over. (Play through the entire game and make smart choices to not die)

Neutral Endings
MC abandons their post and goes on to survive the war. (Make the choices to abandon their post. Whether they get caught or not depends entirely on their choices.)

Bad Endings
MC is shot down by enemy soldier. (Can only happen when MC is deployed)
MC is captured and imprisoned. (Again, can only after the MC is deployed.)
MC dies to diseases in the trench. (U get it blah blah can only happen after MC is deployed.)